Sample Docker configuration for `eos-bios` launch
-------------------------------------------------

This directory contains all the files necessary for a launch, be it
booting a network or joining an existing network.  You can also use it
for local development.

Table of contents:

* `my_discovery_file.yaml` is the file representing you in the network
  you are creating/joining. It includes the votes (`peers`) to other
  BPs you wish to launch the network with. It also includes references
  to the contents you want to inject in the nascent chain (like smart
  contracts, snapshots, etc..)

* `hook_*` are the hooks used by `eos-bios` to automate your
  infrastructure configuration. The sample files start a Docker
  instance locally.

  * When running `boot`, these are executed in order: `hook_init`,
    `hook_boot_network`, `hook_publish_kickstart_data` and
    `hook_done`.

  * When running `join`, these are executed in order: `hook_init`,
    `hook_join_network`, `hook_done`.

* `base_config.ini`, the base configuration you want to provide to
  your `nodeos` instance. It is consume by the sample hooks, and
  shouldn't include any `private_key`, `enable-stale-production` or
  `producer-name` fields.

Some files generated by the sample hooks:
* `config.ini` is then passed to `docker` to configure `nodeos`.
* `genesis.json` is also passed to `docker` to seed the genesis blocks.


### The `discovery file`

The `my_discovery_file.yaml` is a sample discovery file for your
BP. It is published to IPFS with the command:

    eos-bios publish discovery

You need to be running `ipfs` (use `./run_ipfs.sh`) for this to work.

By linking to their `peers`, BPs effectively create a graph,
weighted according to their trust in their peers.

The `eos-bios` tool is able to traverse the graph, fetch all
files references (contracts, snapshots, boot sequences), cache it
locally and use it to execute things on the network.

The main pattern is:

* You put IPFS links to the data (contract code, abi, snapshot.csv,
  boot sequence) you vouch for.

> Say you created a `snapshot.csv`, publish it with `eos-bios publish
> files snapshot.csv` and put the returned link in your discovery
> file.  You're now voting for that snapshot.  Keep your `ipfs` node
> open and your peers will be able to download it.

* If you don't feel like running the snapshot tool yourself (with
  `parity`, `mysql`, etc..) but you trust entity XYZ, you can copy
  their link and vouch for it too. This way, not everyone is forced to
  run all steps or decide on all things.

By pointing (in your `my_discovery_file.yaml`) to some `peers`, you
can join a network being booted.

If everyone is running `orchestrate`, you won't be included in the
graph unless someone points to your `/ipns/Qm...` link (it's given to
you when you `eos-bios publish discover`). This only means you can't
be elected as either the BIOS Boot node (and be recognized as such by
the other `eos-bios` instances), or be appointed an initial block
producer (without the rewards, remember).

However, you can run `boot` or `join` locally simply with your own
file.
