Sample Docker configuration for `eos-bios` launch
-------------------------------------------------

This directory contains all the files necessary for a launch, be it
booting a network or joining an existing network.  You can also use it
for local development.

The directory is split in smaller directories, each directory representing
some sort of versionning for the various versions of EOS that is needed to
launch. The current directories:

 * `launch-clone` - The boot sequence at launch of EOS blockchain (version 1.0.1).
 * `release-v1.1.` - The boot sequence for 1.1.x versions of the EOS blockchain.

Here a description of the actual files in specific folder and their meaning:

* `boot.sh`, the actual boot script executed by `eos-bios` to launch
  you're `nodeos` instance (via Docker by default). Feel free to edit
  the `boot.sh` to match your specific needs like pre-configuration and
  post-configuration rules.

* `base_config.ini`, the base configuration you want to provide to
  your `nodeos` instance. It is consume by the `eos-bios`, and
  shouldn't include any `signature-provider` (`private-key`), 
  `enable-stale-production` or `producer-name` fields.

* `boot_sequence.yaml` is the file used by `eos-bios` to sequence the actual
  boot operation. It includes references to the contents you want to inject 
  in the nascent chain (like smart contracts, snapshots, etc..) as well
  as the actual stuff to perform on the chain (contracts & accounts creation,
  token issual, etc.).

Some files generated by the boot hook:
* `config.ini` is then passed to `docker` to configure `nodeos`.
* `genesis.json` is also passed to `docker` to seed the genesis blocks.
